Fix stateprep casting rules. (#501)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: .github/CHANGELOG.md

### Breaking changes

> * Cast integral-valued arrays to the device's complex type on entry in `_preprocess_state_vector` to make ensure the state is properly represented with floating-point numbers.  
>   [(#501)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/501)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Cast integral-valued arrays to the device's complex type on entry in `_preprocess_state_vector` to ensure the state is correctly represented with floating-point numbers.  
  [(#501)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/501)
```
